hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 1979 sci-fi horror film
eally so let's get started the film
opens with a commercial spacecraft
called Nostromo returning to earth with
its seven-member crew still in stasis
the crew consists of captain Dallas
executive officer Kane navigator Lambert
science officer Ashe Warrant Officer
Ripley and two engineers Parker and
Brett a mysterious transmission is
detected by the ship's computer thought
to be a distress call and the crew is
awakened following company policy the
ship lands on the planetoid that the
distress call came from and sustains
damage the crew begins to work on the
ship and discovers that the signal is
coming from an alien spacecraft they
find the remains of an alien with its
ribcage exploded from the inside back on
the stroma war an officer roughly
determines that the transmission was not
a distress call but a warning and tries
to warn the others but is unsuccessful
on the alien ship Cain discovers a
chamber containing hundreds of eggs
while inspecting one a creature springs
out and attaches itself to his faith
Cain is brought back to the ship for
medical treatment the crew
unsuccessfully attempts to remove the
creature aka
a faith tug discovering it's blood is
acid it eventually detaches on its own
and is found later dead with the ship
repaired the crew leaves Cain awakens
with some memory loss but in general is
okay however later he begins to choking
convulsed and a small alien burst from
his chest killing him and escaping into
the depth of the ship the crew cannot
use conventional weapons to hunt this
creature however as his blood could
damage the hull they must use some
lesser lethal weapons brett discovers
that the alien is now fully grown and
it's attacked the group decides to try
to jettison the creature into outer
space ripley finds out from the ship's
computer that ash was actually assigned
to the crew to capture the alien and
their company views the crew's lives as
expendable a fight breaks out ashes head
is removed revealing that he is actually
an android parker interrogate the
reanimated head of ash learning ash's
role with
capture the creature and bring it back
for analysis regardless of whether the
crew survives or not Parker decides to
destroy ash the surviving three crew
members decide to set the ship for
self-destruct and try to escape on the
shuttle two of them are killed by the
alien leaving only Ripley
Ripley initiates the self-destruct
sequence and tries to flee the shuttle
with the ship's cat Jones but is blocked
by the alien she runs back and forth a
bit but eventually is able to board the
shuttle right after the ship explodes
Ripley discovers that the alien is on
board the shuttle puts on a space suit
and opened the airlock forcing the alien
and her into outer space she is able to
fire a grappling hook
but this also helps the alien try to get
back to the ship Ripley fires the ship's
engines blasting the alien eventually
into outer space Ripley in the cat and
turned to stasis and travel back to
earth so that was the spoilers for alien
if you have another film you'd like to
see me spoil please let me know in the
comments below check out movie's spoiler
alerts on our various forms of social
media listed below and remember to like
and subscribe thanks for watching
[Music]